# 2026-05-22 Meeting Notes

## Attendance

### Outreach Committee Members

- [x] Annika Opitz (Chairperson)
- [x] Abubakar Siddiq Ango
- [x] Christian Voecks
- [ ] Christine Sandmark
- [ ] Jürgen Bolz
- [ ] Philip Haas
- [x] Roberto Vanoni

### Other SIG Members

- [x] Anna Helmke
- [ ] Katarina Poplawski
- [x] Tristan Scheidemann
- [x] Esther Garcia

## Minutes

- Information: Annika Opitz is on vacation starting from June 15th until July 6th.
  - If the upcoming Governing Board Strategy Workshop is on-site, she needs an alternate.
- The attendees went through Annika's events proposal list for the Governing Board meeting later in the day.
  
## Action Items

- [ ] Esther: Reserve Open Source Summit Mini Summit Slot for NeoNephos
- [ ] Annika: Ask GB if travel costs should also be requested separately.
- [ ] Annika: Inform the SIG about the decision of the board concerning the proposed events.

## Antitrust Policy Notice

Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the
intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable
antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to
meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any activities that are prohibited
under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.

Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in
connection with Linux Foundation activities are described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust
Policy available at http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy. If you have questions
about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the
Linux Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm of Gesmer Updegrove
LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.
