# 2026-06-26 Meeting Notes

## Attendance

### Outreach Committee Members

- [x] Annika Opitz (Chairperson)
- [ ] Abubakar Siddiq Ango
- [x] Christian Voecks
- [ ] Christine Sandmark
- [ ] Jürgen Bolz
- [ ] Philip Haas
- [ ] Roberto Vanoni

### Other SIG Members

- [ ] Anna Helmke
- [ ] Katarina Poplawski
- [x] Tristan Scheidemann
- [x] Esther Garcia

## Minutes

- Tristan Scheidemann hightlighted that the current selection of events presents a high cost to the Governing Board. This is exemplified by the fact that the KubeCon+CloudNativeCon EU '26, although being very expensive, apparently did not bring long term effects to the foundation.
    - The SIG members agreed that there need to be measurable goals and targets provided by the Governing Board to hit before recommending to pay exorbitant sums of money for booths at these events.
    - Additionally, after consultations with the Apeiro Project Office it has come to light that some of the events once considered *mandatory* on our list are not mandatory from their point of view. Funding help from their side is also uncertain and cannot be assumed.
    - Everything considered, it was decided that an Open Source Summit '26 booth and Open Container Days booth will not be recommended by the SIG. The decision ultimately is of course left to the Governing Board to decide. (*Update 2026-06-26: After talking to the Governing Board Chair, a booth at the OSSEU '26 is desired from their end*).
    - Focus will be on providing tickets for Ambassadors for these events
    
## Action Items

- [ ] Tristan: Introduce the events listed [here](https://github.com/neonephos/gb/issues/23) to the GB

## Antitrust Policy Notice

Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the
intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable
antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to
meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any activities that are prohibited
under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.

Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in
connection with Linux Foundation activities are described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust
Policy available at http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy. If you have questions
about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the
Linux Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm of Gesmer Updegrove
LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.
